All right now let's write the logic to make
this favorite component actually working
here let's v-on click dot prevent
because this button will handle two different actions based on value of the use is favorited property
So I'm going to call it toggle
let's define methods property
and here let's define the toggle method.
Is the question is favorited we'll call another
method destory method in this case
otherwise we'll call crate method.
let's define the destroy method
and for now let's decrement the favorite count.
And then change the is favorited to false.
Let's copy this method.
Paste here
and chance to create
here we need to increment in the favorites count
and change the is favorited to true
let's save these and let's have a look.
Let me inspect elemnt so that I can
see the changes of the class attribute
Now if I hit the favorite button
you'll see the favorited class added
and the favorites count increments.
Now if I hit again
the number decrement and the favorited class gone.
All right
Now let's make this changes persistence.
Let's reopen the _favorite.blade.php file and here
we need this URI for both favorite on unfavorite
the question.
So let's copy this URI for this purpose
we'll need the same URI but different methods.
When favoriting the question we'll need post but
when unfavoriting the question will need delete
back to Favorite.vue I'll
jump to data method
and here I'll assign the question id to id property.
And then jump to a computed property
and let's define new method endpoint
in this case
and here we is simply returns the URI.
Let's change the question id to this id
now we can go to destroy method
and in this method we can make delete ajax
call by saying axios delete this endpoint
then let's chain in with then method
here we can move this lines inside
then method
So after deletion succeed decrement the favorites
count and change the is favorited to false
and then in create method
we can make post ajax call by saying axios post this endpoint
then let's chain in with then method
then move these lines inside here
Here I think we need to show flash message on this
component because changing the color on the icon I
think is more than enough.
But if you want to show the flash message
I'm sure you already know how to do that.
Next up let's open favorites controller
here
we don't need to return anything
for both store and destroy method.
So here we can select them
and remove them.
Or we can keep them and return json response
explicitly such as we did in the previous lesson.
If request expects json
and then return response json
here because we don't need anything to return
So here we can set null and we can specify
header status 204 which indicate that the
action was executed successfully
but there's no content to return
let's save all changes
and give it a shot.
Hit the star
icon
I get error.
Let me see in the console
here I have error internal server error let me see in the network tab
expexts json doesn't exist.
Sorry I made typo here.
It should be expects json save
I'll  clear here
also here
I'll hit the star icon again.
And now I get another error.
Let me see in network tab
Here's the error
Duplicate entry
Blah blah blah.
This because we only allowed to favorite the question once.
So here I need to refresh the page
here the icon's color has turned to yellow and the favorites count increment hit again now the color
turns to Gray and the favorites count decrement.
And if you take a look here
here we can see the request being sent.
The method is delete and the response no content
if we hit again
the request method is post.
Okay great.